Are you here?
I'll tell you again. What's your business?
Let’s talk about it later? Where is Su Hai?
There are more important things.
I want to tell you. Less important things.
What's going on?
I think it's time for you to understand and calm down.
What did you say?
I said. Are you your master?
This understanding has calmed down.
Did they say something to you?
Or did something to you?
Didn't say anything?
We just can't get enough of your event to escape to that moment.
We always thought you recovered a certain amount of yourself.
I am not staying at Su's house.
Let me ask you a question.
Yes or no,
They forced you to say that.
Because you have the perfect me
I’ve been pregnant and said so.
have you looked at me
you don't understand
you tell me